# 16 August 2025


Notable Events

```Mom's Birthday```

Got a few things on my mind today, let's see what comes of it.

### Concerned about my upcoming trip to India
I'm flying to India for Diwali on 18 October. It will be very nice - I have not been to India in almost 2 years (last time was Jan 2024 for Snehal Didi's wedding). 

It's going to be a very packed trip 
1. Flying Amsterdam -> Mumbai -> Nagpur, and then I'll go to Yeoda and spend a few days there. 
2. Flying/Train back to Mumbai on 24th
3. Flying on the 25th for a trip with my family to Darjeeling and Shillong, for 4 days.
4. Flying back to Mumbai on 29th, with a 6 hour layover in Delhi (sic)
5. On the 31st maybe, flying to Bangalore to meet my friends
6. Flying back to Amsterdam on the 4th of November

If all of this wasn't enough, yesterday Praffullitt tells me his sister's getting married in Bathinda on 31 October, and asked me to try to come. It's a tough change of plans but I do really want to try and make it. What concerns me is it will most likely eat up my time in Bangalore, and I have been looking forward to it for a long time too.

Finally, I'm also worried that if the rest of my friends plan to go to Bathinda for the wedding, what am I to do in Bangalore? Rishi will be there, but if the rest of my friends go to the wedding (Aryan, Kripa, Antony) then I may be forced to go too. I'm not really sure what the best thing to do now is, very confused.

Dad also paid a LOT for the flights back from Darjeeling, like over 25k for the whole journey. If I were to stop in Delhi and head to Bathinda instead, it's a big loss. 

### Bought a used Macbook Pro 2015
An impluse purchase for sure, but I got such a good deal (150$). I know it's a 10 year old laptop at this point, but it's in very good condition and works well. I managed to updat it to it's latest software version available, but it's still 5 years old at this point. 

I was considering installing Fedora Workstation on it, and I might still do it, but for the moment it's working well, MacOS is nice, so maybe I'll keep it around. 