# 24 August 2025

### Nadia's Housewarming Party
I went to Nadia Pronk's housewarming + birthday party last night. She is the office manager of OpenUp. It was very nice of her to invite me - we are not that close friends at work but do chat. She also invited a few more people from the office (Paola, Jay, Nils) but it seems they all cancelled on the day.

The house was lovely - looked like a nice 1BHK on such a nice location, right off Elandsgracht. There was a small balcony facing the road, and a big balcony from the bedroom facing a small garden between buildings.

I also took her a flower vase for her new house, and a (expensive) book on fashion.

When I just got there, it was quite odd - everyone was speaking Dutch, and I didn't know anyone apart from Nadia. She spent quite a bit of time talking to me but I didn't want to keep her busy with just this.

In multiple moments, I thought wtf am I doing here, not even talking to anyone just standing around. I went to the balcony for a bit and just waited with my phone. 

However, as the evening progressed and everyone had a few drinks, and as more people showed up - it got a lot better! They were all still Dutch, but they all realised that I only spoke English, so they would actively switch and talk to me. I also hung out in the kitchen and the small balcony, which were tiny spaces so it was nice to have one or two people only who then all switched to English for me. The gin must have helped me too.

Past this, some of my memomry is blurry. At around 12am, a lot of people who had to travel back left, and some of them were heading to a club. As you can expect, I said yes and went to the club with them. It was a pretty mid club and Nadia and her friends were playing pool so I didn't get in their way. I got beers and danced for a while - I think I was dancing wildly and one or two girls came and danced with me. But I was pretty drunk at this point, so then I headed home. Said goodbyes, and made it home at 3am.

I'm glad I went, and I'm glad I stuck around. Nadia texted me today morning saying everyone loved me (dunno if she's just being nice). I'll speak with her tomorrow.